every night I've been doing this show
from home I've been checking in with
some of our famous friends in their
homes and tonight we are joined by one
of the funniest people of all I can only
imagine what it must be like not to be
locked up with him right now
his wife is a very lucky lady suffice it
to say all the way from New Jersey let's
say hello to Tracy Morgan hello grace
now Tracy is joining us how are you I'm
chillin yo-yo can I eat profanity yes go
right ahead of course we need some
profanity right you know what she said
to me earlier what you've been stuck
inside for two weeks she said I would
kill you mother what did you do to
elicit that reaction Tracy was it
anything in particular now this is your
house right this is you I see a t-rex
flashing in the background it looks like
a Dave & Buster's but this is what
you're bowling yo man this is the
longest I've been stuck in my house
without wearing an ankle monitor Tracy
do you would you agree with me when I
say that the difference between being
rich and being very rich is a bowling
alley in your house that to me is that's
the line how many lanes do you have
there's only two lanes in here
two lanes that's enough and it looks
like you're bowling they all look like
billiard balls
what pound ball do you throw typically
yeah take a look this is my personal ad
my ball personally made for me nice
see it says TM right there
TM that's not trademarked that's pretty
much every logo says TM on it yeah and
are you good what's your like what's
your average do you know I good man how
often do you actually ball option of
research man I said when I grow up I'm
gonna give me a house in a bowling alley
in it how many people are in your house
right now living with you your wife of
course who's ready to kill you your
daughter my wife that's it daughter
didn't nobody else what does a moray eel
eat what does the more we eat yeah all
the more raised really amore yes the
cannibals met your this is crazy times
we live in a minute I never saw white
people an unemployment office man are
you worried about the economy right now
but what will happen to the American
economy have you been doing the thing
Tracy where you know people have been
going crazy
20 times cuz they closed down a
Starbucks me you think that's what's got
everyone on edge have you been doing
that thing where you go out in the
driveway and you hang out with your
neighbors and you're six feet away from
them or like a social distancing
neighborhood party let me tell you
something man I can't do this okay she
gave me her elbow oh my goodness have
any of your family she's so Chih
distances for me
so she want me to vim oh it all
how many of your family members
suggested that they might move into your
big house with you yeah Colin tell me he
lost his job and also make you want to
call up your ex's on a phone and say you
need some you need some toilet paper can
I call you can we can you stop with your
exes yes you could rekindle as long as
you don't touch anybody are you getting
it they also closed down strip club
Oh which are you most upset about
baseball NBA or strip clubs is that what
you've been resorting to a drive-thru
strip club on strippers I used to go to
the strip club with all the pairs of
sweatpants that rocky walk yeah no drugs
oh hey Tracy you know I've noticed I
noticed I don't know if you noticed that
NBA players got all of them seem to have
been tested for the corona virus and
whereas it's almost it's very difficult
to get a test unless you've got very
severe symptoms what do you make of that
I don't know about that but I know
yesterday my cousin called me he said he
with his new girl and he was thinking he
thought he was being responsible
he had the mask on and the gloves on and
he end up getting gonorrhea yeah the
mask is not
that's the thing about gonorrhea it
doesn't care about the gates of crabs
Tracy you may know this but each night
that we've been doing these interviews I
have been making a donation to the
charity of our guest choice and you are
the guest tonight so you get to choose
the charity what charity did you choose
as our ardougne tonight why don't you
stand up for cancer because I know
there's some hard times with this virus
and I really want to keep the focus on
cancer too because people are still
dying because of cancer and I've had a
lot of people my family including my
ex-wife passed away from it so I really
write bring awareness to that I want to
pretty ghetto dig down deep don't be
cheap remember will you donate to these
causes and then save a life
and this is a month my my my first
wife's name and in her honor
so please dig down deep our next funny
but I'm dead serious about this go to
stand up to cancer org to make that
donation I think that's an excellent
choice Tracy before we go I do want to
mention that the last og is coming back
for a new season 2 tbs starting April
7th and also Spoony love your character
returns for a new season of crank
anchors night on Comedy Central
now Tracy before we go would you mind
bowling we'd love to see your form would
you might throw in a ball for us I've
got you all right let's see here we go
Tracy Morgan he has a bowling alley so
why not use it all right he selected the
orange striped ball and here we Tracy is
right down the center oh well done with
the 9 Tracy Morgan everybody Thank You
Tracy
you need